ORCC soundvis GUI help

This are the main steps to create a sound video:

1.) open audio
  To create a sound visual animation you need first load an audio file, 

  File -> open audio

  select a file, currently only uncompressed formats .wav and .aiff are supported
  If you try to open a file with an unsupported audio format you get an error box.
  
  You can play the audio by pressing the play > button, audio level

2.) In the 'Video' section change settings in the menu:

  Configuration -> video size
  Configuration -> frame rate
  
  It is possible to change video settings later, but some canvas might appear different on
  different video sizes and frame settings need to be adapted manually when changing
  the frame rate, therefore it is best to decide early on the format.

3.) add canvas layers
 
  In the Layers section you select a canvas from the menu:
 
  canvas -> add canvas -> <canvas name>
  
  Make sure the playback is stopped (showing state READY next to the play button)
  
4.) adjust showing length of canvas

  Per default the added canvas is showing from start of the audio until the end
  To adjust the showing duration you can either
  
    - type the frame number in the 'from' or 'to' box
    
    or
    
    - on the 'Audio Timeline' audio wave form adjust the yellow bar to the right position
      then double click on 'from' or 'to' box of the canvas and the frame number
      will automatically be copied from the wave selection
      
      The fit/zoom button will zoom in to the audio so adjustments can be made
      precisely to the wave form
      The resolution of the zoom can be set via the menu
      wave -> set -> zoom
      The 'frames prerun' box will allow to set the number of frames the playback
      should start before the selection, this will help to find the right frame.
      
  The duration and layer position of the canvas can be checked by clicking on the canvas 
  name, frame duration and layer position is highlighted in the audio wave form display
  
 5.) Change layer position
  
    Depending on the type of canvas it draws more or less opaque, some canvas are
    for background use others for foreground, to change the layer position:
    
    drag the canvas row up or down (playback must be READY or PAUSED)
 
 6.) Change canvas settings
 
   Click on the ... button of the canvas to bring up the property editor
   The editor shows all individual settings for that canvas
   This is possible in all playback states, some canvas will show the desired
   changes only in PLAY state while the audio is playing.
   
 7.) Disabling or deleting a canvas
 
   To disable a canvas click the checkbox 'on' or 'off'
   The canvas will keep all settings but will not be part of the animation
  
   To delete a canvas click on the X on the right, all settings will be lost
  
 8.) Exporting video
 
   If you have downloaded and installed the external libraries the export menu
   is enabled:
   
   Export -> start
   
   A file dialog will appear where you can select the directory and the name
   of the exported file. Currently only .mov formats are tested, depending on
   the external libraries capabilities and your computers system other formats
   maybe possible.